Q: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

A: Viewing the diff between the two versions helped because it allowed me to
see the differences between only the lines that had changed while ignoring all
of the lines that were the same. Often, there are many more lines that remain
the same between two versions so it is a lot more helpful to filter those out.

Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you amore efficient
programmer in the long term?

A: Having the entire history will save a lot of time by allowing me to use
code that works better for new situations or to examine the changes I made
to allow a piece of code to run in the first place.

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

A: The pros of manually saving are that you can choose logical points to save
the versions rather than a file being automatically saved in the middle of
writing code that will not compile and run properly. Another pro is that you
can add a comment with every manual save for better organization.
A con of manually saving is that you might forget to save for a while and not be
able to remember code that was written and edited.

Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A: I think that some version control systems, like Git, allow for multiple files
at once because programming files often rely one each other to function. The
kinds of files written in Google Docs never need input from any other files so
the functionality of saving multiple files is not there.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff diff to view the history
of a file?

A: The history of a file can be viewed by using git log to get a list of all of
the changes that have occurred in the file including the name, date, and comment
of the change. Then the git diff command can be used with the commit ID's of two
commits that we want to compare to see the exact changes that occurred between
those two commits.

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

A: Using version control would make you more confident to make changes because
even if something breaks in the code, it's possible to go back to a working
version and get the correct working code.

Q: Now that you have Git set up, what do you want to use Git for?

A: I want to use Git for all of the projects that I am working on and be able
to use a quick version control environment. 
